Okay.
As a matter of fact, I've got two books down there on Chandler that I'm reading.
I'm starting to reread all his stuff.
Funny writer.
Oh, magnificent writer, I think.
So, I think he's slowly but surely climbing that ladder of recognition among English
Do you have a Gatsby?
Yeah, but not with the jacket.
The problem with the jacket, with Gatsby, was that the original one that came out was so fragile, and I think there were only 60 that came out, and they were recalled.
The book was recalled, and see if I can remember how this worked.
And then they put out another one, and that was a second edition.
So the Gatsby that I have is a mint copy, but it doesn't have the jacket.
Oh, the Great Gatsby, if you had it with the jacket, it'd cost you $10,000.
Yep, and it basically all fits sterile books.
Very few of them seem to survive with the dust jackets.
My parents religiously took the dust jackets off before they put it on the shelf.
Heard it coming from.
I've got a
by Carter Burden in my book, who just died earlier this year.
He spent $20,000 to get Sinclair Lewis's first book, which was synonymously written.
It was a children's book called Hike in the Airplane by Tom Graham.
Never heard of it.
Yeah, it's a lovely guy.
There's only about 1,300 copies of it.
He already had a copy of it, but he paid $20,000 to get the testimony.
Yeah.
Unless you can have that kind of money, I suppose you can do it.
Well, I mean, that's...
That's the key.
I mean, for instance, to get a copy of Treasure of Sierra Madre with the jacket is almost impossible.
You remember Joe, the pro, Joseph, the provider.
Yeah, I get his catalog.
He does, though.
His prices, of course, are... He's crazy.
But he's out in the business now.
Yeah, he just went out.
I don't, you know, I use... Yeah, I know, I know.
He's... I would call him up and I would say, put
What is it with you, Winnie?
Oh, what's his name again?
I can't remember.
Yeah, the three of them.
Oh, there's Larry and Moe.
Yeah, I used to call him Larry and Moe and Curly and Moe.
The prices are... Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Lolita?
You have a Lolita?
No, I don't have that.
And that was a movie, I guess.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
But again...
That wasn't a movie that would move my soul.
Now, if I saw a great copy of Lolita, and Price was right, and it was in good condition, I'd say, hey, you know, I want that.
And I guess I did ask you whether or not this goes off into the stage, and I guess we're currently not.
Stage plays.
Oh, yeah.
like streetcar yeah sure yeah oh yeah that was with marlon brando yeah yeah and uh i don't have i don't have a streetcar that's a tough one with that purple jacket oh yeah i do as a matter of fact i do have that it's a tall book it's what it's tall it's the highest emphasis
No, no, I want to, yeah, I'm pretty, see, I, I ought to go through this a little more often because I, I get them, I put them away, and then, uh, I'm pretty sure I have, I just got a, it was slew.
And it was their breakfast at Tiffany's.
I do.
And that, uh, I can swear on my street cut.
One old book, very tall.
How tall is it?
It's tall, my God.
Doesn't street car have a purple?
Yeah, it has a purple.
It's very ugly, and the sun is terribly.
Very, very rarely do you see one of them.
Here's another book, Bob.
I could have sworn that I had it out here the other day, now that I think about it, and I can't see it.
And I'm always the one who's put them somewhere when you can't find them.
Breakfast at Tiffany's, yeah, I got that.
Well, that was a nice movie.
That was a fun movie.
I'm surprised that you don't have that one for Charlie, because that was a wonderful movie.
Here's Breakfast at Tiffany's.
That's tough, yeah.
I know it, in that condition.
Yeah.
Where the hell is this?
What about Lord of the Flies?
It wasn't such a great movie, but it was a fine book.
You've got it there, I'm sure.
No, I don't have that.
That's a very difficult book to find in The Big Sky, The Hustler.
You know, this is great.
It's kind of fun.
Boy, I'm a little upset.
You're still a lot of summer for a sweet time.
Don't look at my account.
Well, this is a very difficult book.
Little Caesar.
Not a great movie.
But it was L.Y.G.
Robinson, yeah, and to find it in that condition.
Who's the author?
Burnett.
Yeah, Burnett.
W.R.
Burnett.
Here's my Maltese.
That's in fairly good condition.
And Jack, of course.
I'm surprised you don't collect ephemeral things like posters.
Well, you don't have room.
I don't have room.
The ceiling, Bill.
Well, this is our only place.
The ceiling's one.
He knows about that.
Put them up on the ceiling.
And we think it's real, but how do we know?
Well, here's my Forrest Gump, but this is an advanced reading, and it's an advanced reading copy, which I don't know.
I don't know where Forrest Gump is going to turn.
You know, believe it or not, I haven't seen the movie.
It's pretty good.
I had
I didn't expect that.
I really was wary about a book that celebrated mediocrity, I guess, that bothered me, but it was very moving.
There's stage that they made a movie in, The Children's Hour, okay, Lillian Hellman.
And, of course, you got a nice copy of Catch-22.
One of the hell is one of the streetcars.
As a matter of fact, they're not going, though.
Now.
Start making a list of the ones you can't learn.
You won't sleep there.
I mean, you won't sleep there.
Well, you just described it with the, it does have that.
It has, it does have, and it has on the front of the jacket, it has kind of an unusual.
It suns very badly on the spine, too.
Yeah.
That's why, you know, I don't, it drives me crazy.
I'm sorry, it's my fault.
I probably just filed it somewhere, but I,
I don't know where.
I'll find it around here somewhere.
I'll tell you a book that's very hard to find is King of the Kyber Rifles.
I mean, yeah.
And that was a fairly decent movie.
So you have a nice and med over there, I see.
It's a nice copy.
It's a very good copy, except for one thing.
Someone had a sticker they put on there where the F is.
and part of the f is off other than that it's a mint don't you hate that what about the old man in the sea that's a good copy yeah there it is right there that's a very that was a great movie yeah yeah yeah nice good stuff i know your time is tight so
Do you have Lonesome Dove, Larry McMurtry?
I noticed you had the last picture show.
No, I don't have the Lonesome Dove.
And that really was a TV series.
Yeah, but boy, I want to tell you, it was a wonderful series.
It was, yeah.
I really enjoyed it.
So really, you don't break the rules, the rules that you... Well, you know, once in a while, I mean, I'll break it.
You bend them a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
So is this where you screen your movies in here?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I've got, you know, some of these movies I have.
I mean, I wouldn't surprise you with what I've got, I don't think.
Over here.
These are the laser discs.
See, here's a movie.
I haven't even opened this one, cracked this one.
Five Easy Pieces.
Jack Nicholson.
Oh, yeah.
And, you know, and I've got Chinatown over there, and that's signed by the cast.
That's, you know, Gallipoli, well, you wouldn't know what that was.
Chips, which is, this is not a good, um, Maltese Falcon, of course.
Cat and Hot Tin Roof.
Steel Magnolias, which is a wonderful, wonderful movie.
Yeah, that was a good movie.
Oh, yeah.
And then here's Chinatown, you know, Howard's Inn, some of these, Citizen Kane, of course, which was the movie.
The most that were.
What, what?
I'm just talking a lot from my tape recorder, the monster roar in the last picture show, the lady in the lake.
Hi, Sierra.
That's a great book.
I love some of them.
The heat of the night comes in.
I didn't realize... That's a difficult book to find.
We'll probably have to, I think... What time are we supposed to be there?
No, no, we got... I think that we really covered it, so if...
I want to give you a couple of minutes to hit the john and everything here, Bill.